node-report: meld into core (#22712)
nodejs/node: doc/api/cli.md

If an error occurs while attempting to write the warning to the file, the
warning will be written to stderr instead.

### `--report-directory`
<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

Location at which the report will be generated.

### `--report-filename`
<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

Name of the file to which the report will be written.

### `--report-on-fatalerror`
<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

Enables the node-report to be triggered on fatalerror (internal errors within

> the Node.js runtime such as out of memory) that leads to termination of the

Author: @addaleax - thanks, fixed this and a number of grammar and style nits below. (anything that I specifically reply, pls take those are addressed)

application, if `--experimental-report` is enabled. Useful to inspect various
diagnostic data elements such as heap, stack, event loop state, resource

> consumption etc. to reason about the fatalerror.

Author: @lundibundi - thanks for the reviews; I have addressed all the proposals as it is; specially mentioned where there require some clarification.

### `--report-on-signal`
<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

Enables report to be generated upon receiving the specified (or predefined)

> signal to the running Node process, if `--experimental-report` is enabled.

Reviewer: This should mention that the signal is specified by `--report-signal` (and in that case listing the default both here and there might be superfluous)

Default signal is `SIGUSR2`.

> ### `--report-signal`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `--report-signal=signal`
```

<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

Sets or resets the signal for report generation (not supported on windows).
Default signal is `SIGUSR2`.

### `--report-uncaught-exception`
<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

Enables report to be generated on un-caught exceptions, if
`--experimental-report` is enabled. Useful when inspecting JavaScript stack in

> conjunction with native stack and other Runtime environment data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
conjunction with native stack and other runtime environment data.
```

### `--report-verbose`
<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

> Flag that controls additional verbose information on report generation.

Author: the point is that this flag does not print anything extra in the report, instead print more info on the stderr about what the report generator is doing.

> Flag that controls additional verbose information on report generation.

Reviewer 2: Oh, then perhaps
```suggestion
Flag that enables additional information to be printed during report generation.
```
?

> Flag that controls additional verbose information on report generation.

Author: sure, done.

If an error occurs while attempting to write the warning to the file, the
warning will be written to stderr instead.

> ### `--report-directory`

Reviewer 3: I would prefer these to be a bit more specific: `--diagnostic-report-directory`, `--diagnostic-report-filename`, etc

Author: @jasnell - ok, modified as per the suggestion, thnx.

> ### `--diagnostic-report-directory`

Reviewer 4: Maybe all these sections should be placed between `--completion-bash` and `--enable-fips` sections alphabetically?

> ### `--diagnostic-report-directory`

Reviewer 4: Should this be `--diagnostic-report-directory=directory`?

> ### `--diagnostic-report-directory=directory`

Reviewer 4: Still a sorting issue: maybe all these sections should be placed between `--completion-bash` and `--enable-fips` sections alphabetically?

Author: moved the section. sorry, and thanks!

<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

Location at which the report will be generated.

> ### `--diagnostic-report-filename`

Reviewer 4: Should this be `--diagnostic-report-filename=filename`?

<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

Name of the file to which the report will be written.

### `--diagnostic-report-on-fatalerror`
<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

Enables the report to be triggered on fatal errors (internal errors within
the Node.js runtime such as out of memory) that lead to termination of the
application, if `--experimental-report` is enabled. Useful to inspect various
diagnostic data elements such as heap, stack, event loop state, resource
consumption etc. to reason about the fatal error.

### `--diagnostic-report-on-signal`
<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

Enables report to be generated upon receiving the specified (or predefined)

> signal to the running Node process, if `--experimental-report` is enabled.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
signal to the running Node.js process, if `--experimental-report` is enabled.
```

The signal to trigger the report is specified through `--diagnostic-report-signal`.

### `--diagnostic-report-signal=signal`
<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

> Sets or resets the signal for report generation (not supported on windows).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Sets or resets the signal for report generation (not supported on Windows).
```

Default signal is `SIGUSR2`.

### `--diagnostic-report-uncaught-exception`
<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

Enables report to be generated on un-caught exceptions, if
`--experimental-report` is enabled. Useful when inspecting JavaScript stack in
conjunction with native stack and other runtime environment data.

> ### `--diagnostic-report-verbose`

Reviewer 4: As the last example in the `report.md` mentions `--diagnostic-report-verbose=true`, should this be `--diagnostic-report-verbose=true|false`?

- `--openssl-config`
- `--pending-deprecation`
- `--redirect-warnings`
- `--report-directory`
- `--report-filename`
- `--report-on-fatalerror`
- `--report-on-signal`
- `--report-uncaught-exception`

> - `--report-verbose`

Reviewer: At least `--report-signal` seems to be missing?

- `--openssl-config`
- `--pending-deprecation`
- `--redirect-warnings`

> - `--diagnostic-report-directory`

Reviewer 4: Maybe all these lines should be placed before `--enable-fips` line alphabetically?
